Initial port of MsQuic transport (#15375)
dotnet/aspnetcore: src/Servers/Kestrel/Transport.MsQuic/README.md

## Using MsQuic on Windows

### Setup pre-requisites

> 1. Update machine to the latest Windows Insider build. This is required for TLS 1.3 support.

Reviewer: Minimum version number? Insiders has several tracks.

Author: No idea, but I'll recommend the Fast track.

Reviewer 2: Check the current build number in the fast track and put it in as a minimum required build number. Here's a suggestion but you'll need to fill in the correct build number before accepting:

```suggestion
1. Update machine to the latest Windows Insiders build (build number 12345.6 or later). This is required for TLS 1.3 support.
```

Author: I'm not on the fastest insider build; I have a custom one that targets a branch. I can try to figure it out...

> 2. Copy msquic.dll and msquic.pdb to this directory and uncomment the copy task in Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.Transport.MsQuic.csproj. This will copy the msquic.dll into any built project.

Reviewer: This would be a good place to acknowledge that msquic isn't externally available yet but will be. Link to the blog post?
